9-Jul-2014 Minutes

Agenda:
	1. Our name
		a. Are we ok with the name?
		b. Fort Collins Maker Space vs. Fort Collins Creator Hub
		c. Ben thought it was more unique and catchy, connection between "hub" and bicycles
		d. There was a Fort Collins Maker Space in the past
		e. Creator is more broad than Maker - more connected to art and crafts
		f. Several Denver makers space have different names than "Maker Space"
		g. Talk to Kuhnsh about why Club Workshop failed in Denver
			i. Brad will check on this
		h. Straw poll: our name is "Fort Collins Creator Hub"
		
	2. Fort Collins Creative District
		a. Fort Collins has been accepted as a candidate
		b. Ben emailed Jill Stillwell, described what we are trying to do (referenced Loveland Create Space).
		c. She emailed back (with SheonAh Kindell) showing interest.  Both will meet this Friday with Ben and Sierra at Dazbog at 1pm.  No specific agenda.  Jamie offered to host at Loveland Creator Space.
		
	3. Meetup costs money ($76/6 months)
		a. Jamie: Meetup is valuable
		b. Should also add a website
		c. Diana volunteered
		d. Domain names: fortcollinscreatorhub.org, *.com, fortcollinsmakerspace.org, *.com
		
	4. Forming committees
		a. Finance: Kurt Oliver (Treasurer)
		b. Web/Social Media: Diana Sproul
		c. Branding/Logo: Diana and Sierra
		d. Education/Outreach: Jim Z (helped by Matt)
			i. Steve U
			ii. Laura Harris
		e. Location:  Both interim and final:
		f. Business Plan/Non-profit filing: Ben (w/Kurt)
			i. Start with incorporating as a Colorado Non-Profit (get federal EIN), then file for Federal 501(3c).  Start ASAP.  Then open bank account.
			ii. 501(3c) is a long process - Loveland Creator Space still working on it
			iii. SBDC has resources to help with this
			iv. Don't need to lawyer 501(3c), but do for membership agreements, liability
			v. Start with Jamie's presentation:
			vi. Rizzoma.com - collaborative site
		
	5. We need to have a presence at the Mini Maker Faire (October 4 and 5)
		a. Ask Karen Corliss to place us next to the Creator Space
		b. Will have an "Maker Industry" event prior to the Faire
		
Other:
	- Should talk to Jill about suggestions on how to fill the board
	- Check with Rocky Mountain Innosphere
	- Galvanize: incubator and fundraiser for coworking spaces, etc
	- Classes:
		o Space: museum, library, Fort Collins Digital Workshop, basement of new First Bank (Mountain/College) has a basement community space (call branch), Senior Center
		o Come up with education plan
		o Steven Warren has an intro to electronics class
		o Business librarian (at Harmony): Anne MacDonald
			- 970-204-8429
			- amacdonald@poudre.libraries.org
		o September (later if at Museum)
		o Would be nice to do in August (8th?)
	- DenHack, Concoctory, Tinkermill, Creator Space will have reciprocal agreement
		o Common card access
	- Is there an umbrella organization of maker spaces?  Not yet
	- Will meet in 2 weeks
