Fort Collins Creator Hub meeting minutes
2014/07/23 7pm @ Wild Boar

= Educational Outreach Committee Report

Steve reached out to Poudre Library re: doing a class. Easy to get space there
for classes, meetings. 3 month lead time on getting access to their computer
lab. Definitely interest in maker spaces from some library employees; they'd
been looking into maker spaces themselves.

Maker Faire: Steve wasn't sure he was "authorized" to fill out the application
form for the space himself. Informal vote OK'd Steve simply filling out the
form. Note: request to be next to LCS. Deadline ~2 months in advance of event.

Dolly and a booth were offered.

Will we do a workshop or activity. Squishy circuits proposed (Potential
duplication with other groups)? Block printing? Build a structure?

= Social Media Committee Report, Outreach

Domain reserved (fortcollinscreatorhub.org, and some similar ones). A website
preview @ "livesite" demo'd. Hosting cost ~$84/year.

How will administration work? Sounds like multiple accounts can be created for
admin, content-generators (bloggers, ...).

Email aliases should be set up so people can contact us in general, list
aliases for the board, etc..

Can calendars be exported to e.g. smart phones? Needs investigation. If not,
we can simply use e.g. Google Calendar directly, and embed it into a custom
page.

Brad set up a mailing list and forum(?) at resoma(?). These might duplicate
meetup functionality.

Should we have a booth at New West Fest? Probably too late for this year,
but perhaps we could: Walk around with placards or T-shirts with our name or
have library/city booth give flyers away?

= Articles of Incorporation / Bylaws

Eric has a draft in a Google doc, and wants to start work on incorporation and
CO non-profit status ASAP.

Erik can get free/cheap legal advice on 501c3 application via family. Probably
~2 months to get the application created, easily 9 months for the whole process.

= Meeting with City's Director of Cultural Services

2 Fridays ago. Expressed interest in group. City generally interested in spaces,
want to be supportive.

= Location/Space

Breaking news:

City is considering allowing us to occupy space in old museum building. Exactly
what this means needs to be discovered/defined.

Things to think about: Power? Compatibility with the other tenants (e.g. art
studio, ...). Great location. Some renovation probably needed, e.g. sound-
proofing? Any restictions on access hours, or the membership types or
activities allowed?

Potential lead w/ Tod Simmonds @ Wolverine Farms (plus Matter book store, Bean
Cycle) for space too. They have a new building in progress; perhaps we could
share or borrow some space. Alignment on craft-oriented activities etc.

Owner of Mugs was suggested for community funding too.

= Classes

Various offers to teach them: Arduino intro, copper-tape circuits, I (swarren)
could repeat the classes I've given at LCS... 

When should we start? Lead time on advertizing classes: Probably want 3-6
weeks so we can get the word out. Advertize on Facebook (need to get it set up
first) and by word of mouth.

Perhaps a partnership on some activities at the museum/library, but more
organizational setup/definition needed to enable this, so so we seem more
official.

= Meetings

Perhaps do an informal show & tell or workshops at our meetings, or at
additional meetings. We can advertize this to a wider audience and it might
bring more people in.

If we held an event/meeting like this at the museum, it might be easier to
set up even before we have the organizational structure worked out. There
would be some lead time for this, but we'd get a lot free publicity and
exposure.
